Eventing Docs updates for 6.6 (#1474)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/eventing/pages/eventing-handler-removeNullsAndEmptys.adoc

= Function: removeNullObjectsAndElements
:page-edition: Enterprise Edition
:tabs:

*Goal*: Recursively remove all nulls and empty items from a document.

* This function *removeNullObjectsAndElements* will recursively prune nulls and empty items from a given JSON document
* Requires a metdata bucket and a source bucket aliased to "src_bkt" in mode read+write.

> * Will operate on all documents with doc.type === "my_data_to_prune".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This function *removeNullObjectsAndElements* will recursively prune nulls and empty items from a given JSON document.
* Requires a metadata bucket and a source bucket aliased to "src_bkt" in mode read+write.
* Will operate on all documents where doc.type === "my_data_to_prune".
```
